now I've discerned the women that come
to this show you guys want nothing to do
with me sexually I don't fit what you
think of as your typical handsome web
and that's fine I don't want you okay
that 1% okay that 1% that walked the
show tonight and saw me on that stage
and as soon as I walked up bucket list
the bucket list woman's you want some
juice it's gonna get freaky okay it's
not gonna be normal she's gonna look at
me and say things like I want you to
give me a macho man elbow drop
try to like I'm trying to I know that
I'm not the typical standard of what's
handsome or what's attractive so I know
that in order to combat that I have to
be really funny or really rich so I'm
really funny although although I did was
giving you a bar maybe it's kind of cool
Larkin partners parked out there you
guys are all going to go out and start
looking for a mini cooper fancy cars
down those bush buggy starts you know
push a button
I like it what cuz and here's a thing
when I've got a car I know something I
talk man in car lot of people like wait
he drives what they yes I Drive they
have the technology okay like I don't
know how you thought I got from point A
to point B I can't just cross my arms
like
I was a chunk of West reference
millionaires in the audience other
virgins are like something I could watch
on to yeah so like but when I got the
car I obviously can't just drive like a
normal car a normal way so they had
options for me to drive
they said we could do two things for you
we can either put pedal extenders on
which we don't advise doing because the
pedal can fall off yeah that can't
happen
they said or we give you hand controls
which to which we we advise hand
controls the gas and brake or actually
on the steering wheel so you can that
and I chose the pair of stem okay yes
the reason why I did that is because I
still want to be able to drive away
angry okay I want to drive you don't
mean like one gonna fight when you're
going but you know I fuck you leave it
if you want to do that you want that
cool you can't try it away angry with
hand controls okay you know what bitch
I'm nothing your shitty more a man I'm
independent about here